THE PATH TO 



POSITIVE 



THINKING 



Terms and Conditions 

LEGAL NOTICE 



The Publisher has strived to be as accurate and complete as possible 
in the creation of this report, notwithstanding the fact that he does 
not warrant or represent at any time that the contents within are 
accurate due to the rapidly changing nature of the Internet. 

While all attempts have been made to verify information provided in 
this publication, the Publisher assumes no responsibility for errors, 
omissions, or contrary interpretation of the subject Matter herein. 
Any perceived slights of specific persons, peoples, or organizations 
are unintentional. 

In practical advice books, like anything else in life, there are no 
guarantees of income made. Readers are cautioned to reply on their 
own judgment about their individual circumstances to act 
accordingly. 

This book is not intended for use as a source of legal, business, 
accounting or financial advice. All readers are advised to seek services 
of competent professionals in legal, business, accounting and finance 
fields. 

You are encouraged to print this book for easy reading. 



Table Of Contents 



Foreword 

Chapter 1: 

What Precisely Is Positive Thinking 

Chapter 2: 

Beefing Up Your Confidence 

Chapters: 

Visualization 

Chapter 4: 

Treating People The Way You Wish To Be Treated 

Chapter 5: 
Train Your Brain To Turn Negative To Positive 

Chapter 6: 

To Be Positive Act Positive 

Chapter 7: 

Be Tolerant Of Your Own And Others Progress 

Chapter 8: 

Use Daily Positive Affirmations 

Chapter 9: 

Use Prayer 

Chapter 10: 

The Dangers Of Always Thinking Negatively 

Wrapping Up 



Foreword 

Our present mental attitudes are habits, assembled from the feedback 
of parents, acquaintances, society and self, that forms our self-image 
and our world-image. 

These mental attitudes are maintained by the inner conversations we 
perpetually have with ourselves, both consciously and subconsciously. 

The first step in altering our attitudes is to alter our interior 
conversations. 




The Path To Positive Thinking 

Positive Thinking Mastery For Achieving Goals And Overcoming 

Fears 



4- 



Chapter 1: 

What Precisely Is Positive Thinking 



Synopsis 



Positive thinking is defined by Remez Sasson as a mental attitude 
that admits into the mind thoughts, words and images that are 
conductive to growth, expansion and success. 

He refers to it as a mental attitude that expects good and favorable 
results. A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a 
successful outcome of every situation and action. Whatever the mind 
expects, it finds. 



1CX% 



5- 



Just What Is It 

A lot of books have been written on the subject, seminars have been 
held and people pay a lot of money to attend these seminars and buy 
these books this only reflects on one thing; people want to achieve 
success and they are aware of the fact that the only way to achieve this 
success is through having a positive or optimistic attitude. 



The word positive itself means dealing with facts, viewing these facts 
in a positive manner. Others may say positive thinking is always 
looking at the bright side of every situation no matter how 
unfavorable it may be. Optimism and happiness are associated with 
positive thinkers. 







DAN RUI1LY 



Positive thinking is a skill that can be taught and acquired by anyone; 
it is a tool that can help you reach your goals, deadlines and dreams. 
Remez Sasson later labeled positive thinking as the act of reviewing 
thought processes and personal actions for areas that need 
improvement and for areas with negative implications, and then 



6- 



using the appropriate tools to change those thoughts or actions in a 
positive, goal-oriented way. 

Basically positive thinking is identifying the negative thoughts in your 
mind dealing with them by realizing that the negative implications 
may hinder success and eliminating them from our minds. 

With a positive attitude failure may slow you down but it will not stop 
you from arriving at your destination which is success. 



7- 



Chapter 2: 

Beefing Up Your Confidence 



Synopsis 



Confidence is 'the belief in oneself and one's powers or abilities.' This 
feeling can easily be mistaken for the feeling of knowing you are 
better than others or that you do not care about what others think 
which is incorrect confidence is not about other people it is about 
yourself how you view yourself, how you reflect yourself and knowing 
your capability and capacity. 




8- 



Self Assurance 

The first step to improving your confidence is cutting out that internal 
voice in our mind that keeps telling you that it is not possible, block it 
out and start asking yourself of what the worst case scenario is, it is 
usually not that bad as the voice in your head. After experiencing 
something you feared doing for the first time you realize that it was 
not as frightening as you thought. 

Moral support is a very important part of beefing up your confidence, 
always confide in someone that can help you feel better about 
yourself. Opening up about your fears and feelings will not only make 
you feel better but it will give you another view of how other people 
see you and hearing someone tell you that you can do something can 
give you that one extra nudge into doing something. 

Sometimes attempting something alone may be over whelming so you 
may try to find a partner that may motivate you, a good example is 
jogging, when you feel lazy to go jogging your partner will call you 
and expect t see you at your jogging spot this will help you in getting 
started in whatever project you want to indulge in. 

Always consider the fact that if it can be done by others you as a 
person can also do it, it only requires for you to take one single step to 
begin a journey and it only gets easier as you move along. 



9- 



Chapter 3 

Visualization 



Synopsis 



Visualization refers to forecasting on the future by building up an 
imaginary picture or scenario in your mind and that picture of 
scenario reflects on an accomplishment of a goal or deadline. 
Visualizations are an important part of the journey when working 
towards something because they keep you motivated. 




-10- 



Envision It 

Seeing a finished product or accomplishment in your mind gives 
you're the urge to want to work harder in reaching that goal. Without 
visualization you may doubt that you are actually doing something 
you want in the end and you may lose focus of the true meaning of 
why you are working towards something. 

Apart from keeping you motivated visualizations may actually point 
out any future possible problems with whatever you are working 
towards. 

If a young female is working towards a career in modeling she may 
realize that she needs to keep her body in a certain size so that it does 
not interfere with her career so she already starts towards changing 
her eating habits and starts exercising more. 

Although it is just a dream at the moment she starts working towards 
making that dream a reality by eliminating any possible objects that 
may stand in her way to make that dream come true. 

Visualizing your dream come true makes it easier for you to work 
towards it; it keeps the need for achievement alive in you. It is very 



I 



- INSTANT POSITIVE 

ATTITUDE 



Click Here 

to Order 

NOW! 



-11- 



important part of the journey that may help you access how much you 
want that certain thing you are working towards or wishing for. 

Sometimes after visualizing something you realize you actually do not 
want it and you would rather opt for something else and this will help 
you not to waste your time on something that will not bring you any 
level of satisfaction after all the effort put into it. 




12- 



Chapter 4: 

Treating People The Way You Wish To Be Treated 

Synopsis 

The way that you treat other people around you shows the kind of 
person that you are. It reflects on your background upbringing and 
even your own personality. 

Most people refer to this as the golden rule. Apart from this being the 
human most basic thing to do it is also important because life is a 
wheel you are not always on top you may come down at a point in 
time and need someone to pull you up. 




13 



Do Unto Others 

Treating people with dignity and respect not only makes them feel 
good and appreciated but it also makes you the person feel better 
about yourself. 

When you treat people the same way you want to be treated you build 
this reputation for yourself and become known as the kind and nice 
person. 

It may not benefit you in a very big way to have a good reputation but 
it will help the people around you to know that they can trust and 
depend on you and be there for you the same way you would be them 
for them. 

This term is best explained in religious terms whereby the good divine 
thing to do is to be good and respect the feelings of others. This 
statement is often taught to young children as a way to make them 
understand that if you treat someone well they will also treat you well. 

As the children understand this also us adults should understand this 
and if everybody treated everyone else the way they want to be treated 
the world we live in would be a better place. 



14 



Chapter 5: 



Train Your Brain To Turn Negative To Positive 



Synopsis 



A human being has the capacity to control the way they think, you 
have total control of how you perceive every situation that you are in. 
It is either you accept it and make a decision to change it if you are 
not happy with it or you sit and feel sorry for yourself. 




15 



Change Your View 

Whenever something happens the way you did not intend it to you 
feel either disappointed or sad, the disappointment easily turns to 
anger or you feel defeated and helpless, however that is one's 
personal choice. 

When something does not work out or something does not happen it 
does not mean it will never happen, it may mean that you are not 
ready for it and that you still need to grow and mature as a person. 

It is better to always look at things differently, when you miss the bus 
from work or school always consider what if that bus is going to be 
involved in an accident, if your friends forget to invite you out for the 
evening do not sit and feel miserable think of all the things you 
wanted to do that you never had time for. Delay is never denial and 
defeat is not failure, failure is not getting up to try again. 

When things always happen our way it will make us selfish and self- 
centered, always consider that there is tomorrow and that you can 
always try again. 

Always accept the things you cannot change that will help avoid 
disappointments, change the things you cannot accept by either 
working harder or turning to the alternative and always be careful in 
knowing the difference. Appreciate the little things in life before you 
crave for bigger and better that way you know life can be good before 
all the other big changes and always expect less or nothing to avoid 
disappointments. 



16 



Chapter 6: 



To Be Positive Act Positive 



Synopsis 



To have positive results you have to have a positive attitude , there is 
no way that a negative person will achieve positive results. Acting 
positive gives you hope for a better outcome, you cannot 
underestimate the power of positive thinking. 




17- 



Act That Way 

Having a positive attitude eliminates all the feelings of self-pity that 
will cause you to stop trying in whatever thing you are trying to 
achieve. Acting positive whilst in competition with other people is an 
intimidation to your fellow competitors whether it is in school, in 
class or even just your local weight loss challenge in your 
neighborhood. 



When you always act in a certain way 
for a long period of time that action 
starts to embed in your personality, 
what needed a lot of effort in doing 
will turn out to become a reflex action 
that comes naturally. 

Always attempting to be positive may 
be difficult at first because that small 
internal voice will be telling you that 
you cannot do it but the more you 
stick to having a positive attitude and 
being positive even in negative 
circumstances it will get easier and it 
will eventually become part of your 




Click Here to 
Order Now! 



personality. 



Most people mostly feel negative early in the morning as soon as they 
wake up and realize they have a long hectic day ahead of them, they 
automatically feel challenged and helpless that is the perfect moment 
to incorporate your positive attitude. 



-18- 



Each morning you wake and assure yourself that it will be a good day 
and that you have total control over your happiness. You might not 
have control over what happens throughout the day but you have 
control over your reaction to what will happen. 

Although your day may not turn out to be what you had wished for 
instead of becoming annoyed or even angry with yourself and feeling 
like you failed you just relax and know that there is another 
opportunity to try again tomorrow, incorporating these positive 
changes in your life every day and controlling the way you react to 
every situation around you may at first be just an act of being positive 
but after sometime you will realize that you are not acting anymore 
but you actually always keep a positive attitude. 




19 



Chapter 7: 

Be Tolerant Of Your Own And Others Progress 

Synopsis 

When attempting to achieve a certain goal in your life it may be 
because you know someone who achieved what you are working 
towards or it may be someone who is still working towards the 
same thing as you. 





20- 



Be Understanding 

The level of progress in whatever you are working on may be slower 
than that of your friend, enemy or arch rivalry. This situation may be 
a de-motivating factor, you might even feel as though you are putting 
more effort that the other person yet they have accomplished more 
that you have. 

It is very important to be tolerant of your own progress and that of 
others because comparing yourself to other people may pull you down 
and even distract you from what you initially were supposed to do. 

When doing something, it may be because you want to feel better 
about yourself when you achieve your goal and this may be totally be 
about you but when you start comparing yourself to colleagues you 
lose the sole purpose of what you intended to do. 

Apart from losing the purpose of why you were doing something you 
may also not do it to the best of your ability because you are not 
concentrating on what someone else is doing and to what level have 
they accomplished their project instead of concentrating on your own 
piece of work. 

This negative attitude driven by jealousy will slow you down further 
and your competitor will become way ahead of you. This will further 
increase the negative feelings you have. 

It is important to tolerate other people's progress and not be moved 
or affected by it because people are different we have different 
capabilities and that does not mean in any way that the other person 
is better than you. Concentrating on your own goals and 



-21- 



achievements will help you work more accurately giving your work or 
whatever you are doing more concentration producing better results. 




22- 



Chapter 8: 

Use Daily Positive Affirmations 



Synopsis 



Every thought you think every word you say is an affirmation. All 
of our self-talk or inner dialogue is a stream of affirmations. 

We are continually affirming subconsciously with our words and 
thoughts and this flow of affirmations is creating our life experience in 
every moment. That voice you always hear inside and you think it is 
you talking those are all affirmations and they are very powerful. 






23 



Affirm It 

Now all of know that the internal voice within every one of use had 
both positive and negative sides. The positive side is the one we need 
to concentrate on and empower it to eliminate the negative one. It is 
kind of brainwashing the negative only to leave the positive voice in 
your mind. Many people ask if these affirmations work and how they 
work and even how fast they impact our lives. 

Affirmations do work and especially the ones that you mostly like, 
there are certain statements that you say in your mind that make you 
feel good and empowered those are the ones that work the most. And 
these positive affirmations have been proven to work quickly. 
However for some people it might feel as though they are lying to 
themselves and this is a sign of resistance and this shows that it might 
take a little longer than planned but consistency will help speed the 
process along. 

No matter what aspect of life you're dealing with or who you are, 
affirmations will not only make you feel better about yourself and 
your life. But if used correctly, they can manifest real change in your 
life. Changing the way you think, reprogramming your mind and 
removing the old negative beliefs that have been sabotaging you again 
and again throughout your life. So start chanting your positive 
affirmations today and move closer to getting the life you have 
wanted for years. 



24 



Chapter 9 

Use Prayer 



Synopsis 



Prayer is one of the most powerful and most influential ways of 
achieving anything. Most people believe in turning to God when they 
face a situation beyond their control, others feel prayer is the last 
resort but leading an active prayerful life will help you to be positive. 
Keeping an active prayerful life and spiritual life will open your eyes 
for you to see the world in a different way. 




25 



Connect 

You will be able to relax more as you know that nothing can get you 
down, it gives you more power as you know that nothing is 
impossible with God. 

When facing difficulty in life and you feel defeated prayer may uplift 
you and install the feeling of hope again. Prayer keeps the hope for 
a better tomorrow alive within us, following religious teachings 
helps us to reflect on past teachings and how other people overcame 
their troubles through prayer and we know we can do the same. 

We tell ourselves that God is able to overcome any troubles we might 
be facing and He can deliver us out of any troubles so we stop 
worrying and start talking to him telling him of our problems. 

Prayer connects you to your creator, it allows you to realize that 
you are not just an ordinary person you are important, you are 
worth it and you deserve the best. 

This will motivate you to work harder and be more committed to 
achieving your goals it will give you a new boost of energy to keep 
going in whatever you want to achieve and it will kill all the fears 
you have about failing because you know you are capable of 
becoming whoever and whatever you want to be. 



-26- 



Chapter 10: 

The Dangers Of Always Thinking Negatively 

Synopsis 

Negative thinking can have dramatic effects on a person, apart 
from hindering your progress and success it may start to affect your 
physical wellbeing and even worse start to rub off on the people 
around you. 




27- 



Get Rid Of Bad Thinking 

Negative thoughts will hinder you from achieving that you want 
because you feel you are unable to achieve and are incapable of doing 
anything, they will also make you feel worthless and you will never 
want to try out or do anything again. 

Apart from that if you start feeling worthless you will start neglecting 
yourself as a person and will stop caring about how you look and that 
will even start affecting your health. Stress will be the order of the day 
in your life if you are always feeling negative and that may cause 
migraine headaches. 

If your negative attitude starts rubbing off on other people then you 
have great reason to worry because if you friends or colleagues all feel 
the same way that you do then you all will not be able to overcome the 
feelings. Being surrounded by negative people is very dangerous 
because they will not try and make you see the best in you . 

Instead of bringing your spirits up when you are down they will 
further agree with you that you are incapable of being better and that 
you cannot do anything positive. When we are in a negative state we 
do not attract those elements that would make our lives advance; 
rather we attract the circumstances that support us in thinking 
something is wrong, and we get stuck. 

Simply put, when we stay thinking negative, we attract negative 
emotions and events. Thus when one is in a negative state everything 
seems to go wrong. This kind of situation will not help you in anyway 
and you cannot be a better person among negative people. Negative 
thoughts are really dangerous and must be eliminated. 



-28- 



Wrapping Up 



Make a positive commitment to yourself, to acquiring knowledge, 
work, loved ones, acquaintances, nature, and additional worthwhile 
causes. Praise yourself and other people. Dream of success . Become 
enthusiastic. 



Keep your mind centered on significant things. Set goals and 
priorities for what you think and accomplish. Envision practicing 
your actions. Develop a scheme for dealing with issues. Learn to relax. 
Savor successes. Be truthful with yourself. 

Be fearless. Change and improve every day. Do your best and don't 
look backward. See learning and change as chances. Attempt new 
things. Consider a lot of options. Meet new individuals. Ask lots of 
questions. Keep track of your mental and physical health. Become 
affirmative. 

Studies demonstrate that individuals with these features are winners 
in good times and survivors in hard times. 

Research demonstrates that, individuals who set out consciously to 
modify their inner conversations and assumptions report a virtually 
immediate betterment in their performance. Their energy step-ups 
and things seem to go better. 

Dedication, control and challenge help build self-regard and promote 
positive thinking. Get started today. 



-29- 



